Hossein RashidMyab

Business Design

Contact

Email:
Hossein.rashidmayab@outlook.com

Phone:
0913 482 7698

Address:
Isfahan, Isfahan, 8199134956

Website:
https://hosseinrashidy.github.io/cv/

Date of Birth:
08/04/1994

Professional Summary

Results-driven entrepreneur with experience in founding, launching, and managing successful businesses. Proven track record of leveraging strategic vision, operational excellence, and business acumen to drive growth and profitability. Adept at identifying and capitalizing on new opportunities to drive long-term success and customer satisfaction.
Dynamic professional with extensive experience in developing and launching innovative projects and deep understanding of the startup landscape. Skilled at cultivating relationships with potential stakeholders, leading teams, and driving growth. Exceptional track record in leveraging technology to create and execute strategies for long-term success.

Experience

Startup Founder
Bright Life Designer, Isfahan, Isfahan / Oct 2019 - Present

Developed a successful business plan and strategy to launch a startup company.
Identified potential customers, generated leads and closed deals with clients.
Managed budgeting activities such as forecasting expenses and allocating resources appropriately.

Jewelry Designer
Talebi Machine co., Isfahan, Isfahan / Feb 2021 - Present

Designed and created custom jewelry pieces for individual clients, using a variety of materials including gold, silver, diamonds and gemstones.
Conducted market research into current trends in fashion jewelry design to inform future product development plans.
Developed comprehensive design skhes from concept to completion.

Education

Islamic Art University of Tabriz
Tabriz

Master of Arts (M.A.)
Industrial Design(Dec 2021)

Golpayegan University of Technology
Golpayegan

Bachelor of Science (B.S.)
Mechanical Engineering(Aug 2017)

Skills

Marketing expertise
Customer Acquisition
Industry Expertise
Operations Management
Strategic Thinking
Product Development